Old lady young grandmother
I've been waiting outside the door
It's the other way around.
Hurry up and get my granddaughter-in-law back
Mom, I'll take Sister Yao to change clothes
That's a lot of people.
Anyway, our Lu family is also a decent family
Come come go
Thank you, auntie, for helping me out just now
Small gift
No respect
Miss Xia, what are you doing?
aunt
I know your abstinence in the Lu family has not been very good
You put a lot of thought into entering the Lu Family.
Since you have the sincerity
Then I'll open the window and say something bright
I really don't like it
The daughter of a broken little family
How can I be worthy of such an excellent son as me?
And it's still a piece of wood
Granny Lian
Show respect
aunt
So which cooperation are we in?
The old lady is
He'll come in later.
Although I can't give them any good looks
But I can't make it too obvious.
remaining
Keep your mouth shut and fight for it yourself
Then of course I'm ready
As long as Wen Yan comes today
He's the one who can't get off the stage